v1
--
dont allow access to baseprops, use getters and setters

drawings with dates beyond visible bars dont work.  
   draw up to edge dates
   only save the time values if they are changed when resized
vert, horizon, and ray only draw to visible area, doesn't extend to the edge

test multi symbol
  - do i need to set current chart for drawing when a drawing is selected?
seperate mouse handlers for chart manager, use DI?  then we'll start a lot of private stuff, not sure if we want this.

tool buttons uses both event handlers and event bus.  consolidate this
check dispsol of all event handlers (tools, subtools, charts, etc..)

properly handle historical days for secondsperbar
delete all

rectangle line (not fill)
circle
text
line styling

v2
--
add line styling
priorizie chart drawing selection
configurable subtools per drawing
slider for opacity change
fix rectangles showing at edges of pane
multi chart support of same symbol, synced drawings
add text to drawing
allow users to modify styling
sub-tool bar to allow additional customization of drawing 
more drawings!
new context menu when r-clicking a drawing, to allow additional functions
    - change styling (colors, opacity, )
  - text
  - delete / duplicate drawing
rclick to cancel drawing selection / creation
clear all by filter (symbol, group, userid)
support mutiplie charts.  change to one drawing will adjust drawing on all other charts at the same time
  - by symbolName, group, userId
toggle visibility of drawing
decouple toolbar from chart (so you can have a singular toolbar to control all charts)
allow user to define which buttons

v3
--
More styling configuration options
pass in own tool image
maybe expose the tools / subtools  so users can drop them into their own containers
expose toolbar styling


v4
--
allow users to put in custom buttons, that may replicate a certain drawing, but also have callbacks for additional processing
  - user can directly add/edit/remove drawings for a symbol / tag
  - plugin will send back events regarding drawing actions
create api for communication of drawings between user and plugin
more performant saving/loading, different options other than localstorage




Adding New drawing
 1. Add Tool to toolbar /src/plugins/chart-drawing-tools/toolbar
  a.  Add new tool (button to select drawing tool)
    i. /tools/drawing-tools.ts
      Add to DrawingToolType : add your new drawing type
      Add to AVAILABLE_TOOLS : define your drawing type
    ii. /chart-drawing-toolbar.ts
      Add to _initializeToolFactory : add to factory so the toolbar knows about your drawing
    iii. /tools/tool
      create new class for your tool (new file) .Follow the others a s a template. 
        Add subtools you need for your tool (there are a few pre-defined types you can use) *see below for creating your own subtool
        This also defines the property the subtool is configuring (color, fillColor, lineWeight, etc...).  
2. Implement views and renders /src/plugins/chart-drawing-tools/charting/drawings/
  a. Add new folder for your drawing
  b. Implement using rectangle as a template
    xxx-options.ts : define the properties for your drawings.  You may reference the options for a base shape rather than creating your own (for example, a line ray may just use the line options since they are exactly the same).
    xxx-drawing.ts : drawing class that handles the logic for your drawing
    xxx-view.ts : a seperate object every chartDrawing has that controls the view and rendering
    /panes : contains all the panes and renderers for your view
3. Add to load ... chart-data-manager -> _loadDrawings
  // add how to load your drawing type

   *. Create custom subtool (optional)
  i. /sub-tools/drawing-sub-tools.ts
    Add to DrawingSubToolType : add new subtool type
    Define in DrawingSubTools map : define your subtool
  ii. /sub-tools/sub-too/
    create new class for your sub-tool (new file).  Follow the others as a template. Most to set the configurable propertly value
      define the mouse behaviors of your subtool
      define the styling of your subtool (as the values change)

  * the framework generally handles one and two points for most cases, since these are the most common.  
  if you are doing something more complex, or need more points, you will need to override the appropriate 
  methods in your classes, from the base classes, for the desired behaviors












